hello guys so I'm excited I'm excited so
I don't know if anybody has been
following Andrew Gower so she left jagex
but basically since she left JX he found
him back in 2010 he founded fen research
and what fen research is doing it's
about because six-man team and what
they're doing is they're creating a new
game engine and programming language and
I've been following them for past few
years here and this is the thing that
making the game engine I'm making uh
they may have mentioned stuff about I've
been following his Twitter where he's
kind of giving out small bits of details
about what they're doing this and that
and so I've kind of been following the
development of it and this game engine
is kind of what I want to build my
career my career off of and so I'm quite
a quite happy to see that not only do
they have this is the first example game
they're making with it so this is soul
strike and an early access beat is
coming out like I think like next week
or something I don't know and but I'm
quite excited to see that they finally
have a name for the game engine right
down here you see powered by fan Forge
so fan Forge this is quite exciting for
me personally because this is what I
want to build my game industry career
off of because that's what I've been
working on in school getting on my game
development degree I've been I'm
finishing actually this fall this
December I should be getting it and yeah
so I'm soul strike this is actually from
their video that they just put out
recently and soul strike is an
interesting little to geek 2-d game it's
uh with Texas and attach etc it's a
little puzzle game not a puzzle game
strategy competitive archetype game and
this is a first example game when they
eventually released a game engine
this maybe next year maybe I don't know
maybe a year and a half now - yes I'm
Alice whenever they do release it
they'll also be releasing the source
code they used to create this game that
wheelies in that along with it and
they're actually making a second game -
after this before they release the game
engine so this is the first one that's a
2-d one they actually trying to get this
on steam so I can actually both on
greenlight to get this on steam but
basically that that this is a 2d version
this is a 2-d game the next game is
going to be a 3d persistent world sort
of like an MMO but nothing too serious
and they'll be they'll be releasing the
source code for that as well and I'm
quite interested and going over all the
source code and learning the new
programming language oh he's developing
it's quite unique and I'll link in the
description
both the article the 2012 interview that
you first did about the program language
as well as the the YouTube channel we
can watch soul strike and there's a new
website up so stro strike calm and
there's also um I want to check for a
fan for comm it is actually a smaller
website off of that with some stuff on
there so I don't know I'm just quite
excited and happy to see some kind of
progress hey we finally got a name I
finally got a name for we're going on
with my career but this is what I'm
focusing on after we escaped working
with this game engine just because of
its unique features and I'm quite I'm
quite hyped up for it
so yeah talk to you guys later